export MOZILLA_OFFICIAL=1

mk_add_options PYTHON=/usr/bin/python2
ac_add_options --enable-official-branding
ac_add_options --with-distribution-id="AOSC"
ac_add_options --enable-application=browser
ac_add_options --enable-optimize="${CPPFLAGS} ${CFLAGS}"
ac_add_options --enable-strip
ac_add_options --enable-pie
mk_add_options MOZ_MAKE_FLAGS="-j1"
mk_add_options MOZ_CO_PROJECT=browser
mk_add_options MOZ_OBJDIR="$SRCDIR"/pmbuild

ac_add_options --enable-jemalloc
ac_add_options --disable-webrtc
ac_add_options --disable-installer
ac_add_options --disable-mobile-optimize
ac_add_options --disable-metro
ac_add_options --disable-maintenance-service
ac_add_options --disable-updater
ac_add_options --disable-windows-mobile-components

ac_add_options --disable-tests
ac_add_options --disable-mochitests
ac_add_options --disable-debug
ac_add_options --disable-debug-symbols

ac_add_options --enable-chrome-format=omni
ac_add_options --enable-gstreamer=1.0
ac_add_options --enable-pulseaudio
ac_add_options --disable-safe-browsing
ac_add_options --enable-startup-notification
ac_add_options --disable-url-classifier

ac_add_options --x-libraries=/usr/lib
ac_add_options --with-system-nspr
# FIXME: CAMELLIA GCM has been forward ported, however PaleMoon would not let me use it.
ac_add_options --without-system-nss
ac_add_options --with-system-jpeg
ac_add_options --with-system-zlib
ac_add_options --with-system-bz2
ac_add_options --with-system-png
ac_add_options --with-system-libevent
ac_add_options --with-system-libvpx
ac_add_options --with-system-webp
ac_add_options --enable-system-hunspell
ac_add_options --enable-system-sqlite
ac_add_options --enable-system-ffi
ac_add_options --enable-system-pixman
ac_add_options --disable-system-jemalloc

ac_add_options --without-system-icu
ac_add_options --disable-elf-hack
